OSDOCS:13709 Clarify any references to root-ca/Manage the MCS ignition-ca cert (#92357)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/certificate_types_descriptions/machine-config-operator-certificates.adoc

This certificate authority is used to secure connections from nodes to Machine Config Server (MCS) during initial provisioning.

There are two certificates:
. A self-signed CA, the `machine-config-server-ca` config map (MCS CA)

> . A derived certificate, the `machine-config-server-tls` secret (MCS cert)

Reviewer: This seems to render a bit strangely, as a single sentence in the preview

Author: Fix in progress: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/92605

include::snippets/mcs-endpoint-limitation.adoc[]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* xref:../../machine_configuration/index.adoc#machine-config-operator_machine-config-overview[Machine Config Operator].

* xref:../../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.adoc#about-ovn-kubernetes[About the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin]

[id="cert-types-machine-config-operator-certificates-trust"]
=== Provisioning chain of trust

The MCS CA is injected into the Ignition configuration under the `security.tls.certificateAuthorities` configuration field. The MCS then provides the complete configuration using the MCS cert presented by the web server.

The client validates that the MCS cert presented by the server has a chain of trust to an authority it recognizes. In this case, the MCS CA is that authority, and it signs the MCS cert. This ensures that the client is accessing the correct server. The client in this case is Ignition running on a machine in the initramfs.

[id="cert-types-machine-config-operator-certificates-materials"]

> === Key material inside a cluster

Author: @GroceryBoyJr I think I'm going to leave this as is. This was an [H3 from the start](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/61262/files#diff-b49ae0cef19e9f71a19a52b64dbca547f734b93e3f3085c68204e0a65a1402c4R38) and I don't know better than to change it.

=== Key material inside a cluster

> The MCS CA and signing key appear in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:

Author: @djoshy Does this mean that the following is no longer true?

> The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes.

> The MCS CA and signing key appear in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:

Reviewer 2: `The new CA bundle will be stored in the machine-config-server-ca configmap, the signing key in the machine-config-server-ca secret`  I think there is confusion between secret and config map here. @djoshy can please re-confirm this?

> The MCS CA and signing key appear in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:

Reviewer: Prachiti is correct here: 
```suggestion
The MCS CA bundle appears in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca` and the MCS CA signing key appears as a secret in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace, and is also called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:
```

> The MCS CA and signing key appear in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:

Reviewer: Sorry, my bad - we should also take out the "private key is not stored" line.

> The MCS CA and signing key appear in the cluster as a config map in the `openshift-machine-config-operator` namespace called `machine-config-server-ca`. The config map contains the `ca.crt` key. The private key is not stored in the cluster and is discarded after the installation completes. The config map is used in the following ways:

Author: Ah. That make more sense. I should have asked. Thank you!!
